Welcome to the Eudyptula Challenge!

This "challenge" is a series of Linux kernel programming exercises
starting out small, and in the end, if all goes well, you'll be the
maintainer of a subsystem, if you so desire.  Well, maybe not a
maintainer, but you will be qualified enough to point out any problems
that your favorite maintainer is causing, and that's actually way more
fun than being in charge.

All of these tasks will be done through email, and will require you to
write, modify, and submit Linux kernel patches and code of all different
types.

First off, some housekeeping rules.

You have been assigned a "unique" id.  This id is required when
submitting your results, as I (a dumb script) need some way to determine
what is going on.  So, please, for every email you write to me from now
on, use your id in the Subject: line like this:

    [<id>] Task 02 results

And yes, if you haven't guessed it already, "<id>" is your
unique id.  Please don't lose it.  I can, through some difficulty,
figure it out again, but we really don't want to have to get my human
involved in this process, that only slows things down.

You should be able to just hit "reply" on the task email and all should
be fine, if not, the scripts will notify you.

Always send submissions in from this email address, the one that you
signed up with, emails from any other address will be silently
discarded.  If you need to change email addresses in the future, just
email me and tell me your existing id (<id>), your original
email address, and your new email address, and it will be changed.

When you submit a task, you will receive an autoresponse saying where
you are in the queue.  If you do not receive this autoresponse, I have
not received your task, something went wrong, and it needs to be resent.

Secondly, no HTML email, or base64-mime attachments.  If you have made
it this far, you have successfully sent a non-HTML email, which is
wonderful (kids these days...), but for all tasks you can't send base64
attachments, as I don't know what to do with them.  Just a "normal"
attachment, in text form, is fine, and preferred.  If you have problems
with this, please consult your email client's documentation on how to do
this.

Thirdly, don't use Gmail or Microsoft Exchange for this set of tasks.
Yes, it can be done, but it's really hard, and you really have to know
what you are doing.  If you get back "I can't understand this response,
please try again" message, you might want to switch to a different email
client / server and try it again, and notify me of your email address
change.  Ah, now you see why you use an id and not an email address, we
didn't just fall off of the turnip truck yesterday.

Fourthly, this challenge is meant to be done over a period of time.
Don't rush things, there's no hurry, I'm not going anywhere, and neither
are you.  So sit back, take your time, and enjoy the process.  Life is
about the journey, not the end result, as that's the same for everyone.

Responses to submissions can sometimes take a few days, or weeks, or
they can be a few minutes, depending on the load of the system.  There
are many thousands of people currently taking this challenge and the
scripts get easily backlogged at times.  If you ever feel that you
missed an email, just ask, and research will be done to see what
happened.  Sometimes new task emails do get delayed, but it should only
be an hour or so, never more than a day to get a new task once you have
completed one.  If you have not received a new task within a day of a
task being marked as completed, please send a reminder email to find out
what went wrong.

Fifth, as stated on the challenge's home page, please do your work on
your own.  A number of participants have, in the past, posted the
answers to the tasks on github and other public code sites.  This
instantly caused their solutions to be copied and submitted as answers
from other people.  I'm sure you don't want to have others copy your
hard work.  Doing these challenges does not mean you cannot research and
try to find out how to do the tasks from existing kernel code and
documentation.  You are expected to do that.  When you do copy code or
scripts, please be sure to properly attribute where you copied it from,
otherwise I am going to just assume you are trying to pass it off as
your own work, which is not a good thing at all.

If you are found to have posted your code publicly, or asked for help in
public locations, or copied code from public locations without properly
attributing it, or tried to cheat or fake challenge results in any way,
you will be removed from the challenge instantly.  In short, do your own
work, and keep it to yourself.

Finally, if you have any questions about a task, or need help with
something, feel free to ask.  I'll alert my human that something is
going on, and they will get back to you in a few days with answers.

Expect a follow-on email from this with your first task.  Responses to
tasks might take a few days, depending on the load on my system, and any
nasty bugs that show up.  Remember the fourth point again, you'll need
to keep that in mind during this.

As the Big Penguin says, "Have fun!"

